Ah.
Fuck!
Shen, what's wrong with you?
What did you dream about that made you so angry?
I told you you were drunk, you woke up fast, but you didn't drink very well.
Pour two cups and pour.
Ha ha ha
"Drink first, I'll go out for a while."
The killer always comes to kill me when no one is there.
But if I don't go with Tran Tinh...
He can't do it.
Nobody's going out this door today.
I'll change cars.
I told you no one's going out this door today.
General Director Shen, I have prepared a gift for you.
Right outside.
Birthday cake?
I know, thank you for your kindness.
Not you. How do you know?
When you sent me the report today, did you see that it is my birthday today?
It's your birthday.
I said how mysterious is Deputy General Director Chen today ha ha ha ha
It was the Shen brothers' birthday.
Everyone together to toast happy birthday to the Shen Lang brothers.